add changelog for KongMesh 1.6 (#3711)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/changelog.md

## 1.6.0

> Released on 2022/02/24

### Changes

Built on top of [Kuma 1.5.0](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/1.5.0)

- UBI images support.
- ECS EC2 and Fargate first party support.

> - Update OPA agent to v0.37.2.

Reviewer: If possible, these entries should include more info and links to docs (or at least links to docs, if time is the concern)

### Upgrading

> - The `kuma.metrics.dataplane.enabled` and `kuma.metrics.zone.enabled` configurations have been removed. Kuma always generate the corresponding metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `kuma.metrics.dataplane.enabled` and `kuma.metrics.zone.enabled` configurations have been removed. Kuma always generates the corresponding metrics.
```

> - We removed support for old Ingress (`Dataplane#networking.ingress`) from pre 1.3 days. If you are still using it, please migrate to ZoneIngress first (see [Kuma Upgrade to 1.2.0 section](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#upgrade-to-120)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for the old Ingress (`Dataplane#networking.ingress`), which was used before Kong Mesh 1.3. If you are still using it, migrate to ZoneIngress first (see [Kuma Upgrade to 1.2.0 section](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#upgrade-to-120)).
```
Kuma 1.3 or Mesh 1.3? I put Kong Mesh but please correct it if wrong.

#### Kubernetes

> - Please migrate your kuma.io/sidecar-injection annotations to labels. The new version still supports annotation, but to have a guarantee that applications can only start with sidecar, you must use label instead of annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate your kuma.io/sidecar-injection annotations to labels. The new version still supports annotations, but to  guarantee that applications can only start with a sidecar, you must use a label instead of an annotation.
```

Configuration parameter `kuma.runtime.kubernetes.injector.sidecarContainer.adminPort` and environment variable `KUMA_RUNTIME_KUBERNETES_INJECTOR_SIDECAR_CONTAINER_ADMIN_PORT` have been deprecated in favor of `kuma.bootstrapServer.params.adminPort` and `KUMA_BOOTSTRAP_SERVER_PARAMS_ADMIN_PORT`.

#### Universal

> - You can't use 0.0.0.0 or :: in networking.address most of the time using loopback is what people intended.

Reviewer: I don't really understand what this is saying. Is this correct? 
```suggestion
- You can't use `0.0.0.0` or `::` in `networking.address`. Use loopback instead.
```

> - Kuma DP flag `--admin-port` and environment variable `KUMA_DATAPLANE_ADMIN_PORT` have been deprecated, admin port should be specified in Dataplane or ZoneIngress resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Kuma DP flag `--admin-port` and environment variable `KUMA_DATAPLANE_ADMIN_PORT` have been deprecated. The admin port should be specified in Dataplane or ZoneIngress resources.
```
